Add option to next.config docs (#57444)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/05-next-config-js/partial-prerendering.mdx

---

> title: ppr (experimental)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Partial Prerendering
```

> description: Enable Partial Prerendering (PPR) in Next.js 14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to enable Partial Prerendering (experimental) in Next.js 14.
```

---

> Experimental support for Partial Prerendering (PPR). PPR is available in Next.js 14 and allows static portions of a route to be pre-generated and served from the cache with dynamic holes streamed in a single HTTP request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partial Prerendering allows static portions of a route to be prerendered and served from the cache with dynamic holes streamed in, all in a single HTTP request.
```

> You can enable PPR in your Next.js project by setting the experimental `ppr` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable Partial Prerendering by setting the experimental `ppr` flag:
```

```js filename="next.config.js"
/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {
  experimental: {
    ppr: true,
  },
}

module.exports = nextConfig
```

> Learn more about PPR in the [Next.js learn course](/learn/dashboard-app/partial-prerendering).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about Partial Prerendering in the [Next.js Learn course](/learn/dashboard-app/partial-prerendering).
```

---
title: ppr (experimental)
description: Enable Partial Prerendering (PPR) in Next.js 14.
---

> {/* The content of this doc is shared between the app and pages router. You can use the `<PagesOnly>Content</PagesOnly>` component to add content that is specific to the Pages Router. Any shared content should not be wrapped in a component. */}

Reviewer 2: You can delete this
```suggestion
```

> <AppOnly>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Experimental support for Partial Prerendering (PPR). PPR is available in Next.js 14 and allows static portions of a page to be pre-generated and served from the cache with dynamic holes streamed in a single HTTP request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Experimental support for Partial Prerendering (PPR). PPR is available in Next.js 14 and allows static portions of a route to be pre-generated and served from the cache with dynamic holes streamed in a single HTTP request.
```

You can enable PPR in your Next.js project by setting the experimental `ppr` flag:

```js filename="next.config.js"
/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {
  experimental: {
    ppr: true,
  },
};
 
module.exports = nextConfig;
```

> </AppOnly>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
